My name is Grega Bremec
and I am an instructor for Red
Hat Training. In the past
I have been a developer,
and a system engineer.
I have been working with Linux, Unix,
and open source software
for over 2 decades
by now. I'd like to invite
you to join us in D0378,
the Red Hat Cloud Native microservices
development with Quarkus,
where we are going to be learning
about the principles of
architecture and
implementing microservices
based on Red Hat Build of Quarkus 1.11
and OpenShift Container
Platform 4.6
We will be building on Java EE
application development fundamentals.
And we will be learning about
how to develop, monitor, test,
and deploy the Cloud Native
Architecture microservice in
both local environment
and OpenShift. Quarkus is
an exciting new technology
because it brings the maturity,
the familiarity, and the reliability
of Enterprise Java to our Cloud native,
Container native framework that has
super fast startup times and
extremely small binaries.
This course is meant for application
developers that already have
a basic understanding and familiarity
of web application development in Java,
or have taken the Red Hat
Application Development 1 course,
programming in Java EE,
which is known as JB183,
or have an equivalent
Enterprise Java experience.
And who are proficient in
using Visual Studio Code or
Red Hat code ready Studio or any other
IDE in developing their applications.
In addition, experience with Maven and
version control is
recommended but not required.
And also, having a look
at the introduction to
OpenShift applications DO101
is recommended but not required either.
If you're excited to start learning
about this cool new technology,
join me in the DO378 course.